hey guys another tutorial here for you
today yeah yeah today we have Lana Del
Rey's West Coast so you want a capo on
the 2nd fret pretty easy chords e minor
the C I think there's an E minor in here
so the intro is just e minor
a lot of it is being played by a bass
especially this part which is it has it
on the second fret so it's I can do a
base tutorial I can play it on bass a
comment below if you want a base
tutorial like if you want a base
tutorial yeah all right so you want to
because this is played by muscle a bass
you want to hit more of the base lower
strings and then occasionally get some
of the higher news in there too but yeah
so you want to strum majority these top
strings right here bottom whatever you
want to call them so then you get into
the verse and it starts off with an E
minor then it goes to a d then it goes
to a C and then to it quick D and then
you repeat so it's less goes they gotta
say yeah if y'all not drinkin then
you're not playing
got the music
so you got to a quick D in there so
you're on a seat it's really quick just
and then you go back to an E minor down
on the west coast I get this it I could
happen that's why
but that like the second time you don't
do that indeed it's just a scene and
then you go to the pre-chorus and you're
feeling hotter than show I'm feeling
miss you so much
so that's just a minor we see and then
go to it me again and then for the your
love your love your love and that's
relatively quick so instead of just
doing down strums I like to do down
strum a minor have Stremme on the D down
storm on the sea and it's all just one
stream for those then you have your
course which is a minor C e minor D so I
can see my baby
and then you repeat that so then it's I
can see my sweet swag is crazy people
panic on my own
and I'm saying then you repeat the same
thing for the verses then next
pre-chorus and the chorus let me check
my rating to see if there's anything
else alright yeah and then you just you
continue there's multiple courses and
you just continue with those at the end
they just play a few more times and then
you end with in E minor alright guys I
will see you in my next video
please like thumbs up and subscribe and
do all that fun stuff and leave comments
of what you want next below because I
don't know what you guys want to see you
and what you guys want to watch so yeah
please do that and I will see you in my
next video bye guys